Absolutely.
Absolutely not.
I suspected this could happen but the Administrator just would not listen.
A fellow scientist.
Ah, Freeman.
Do you think we should appeal to the alien authorities?
Do you suspect some alien subterfuge behind this failure?
Yes, this all looks nominal.
Alright.
I am rather looking forward to this analysis, aren't you?
Did you understand that last announcement?
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
As I expected.
Have I been that much of a burden?
Have you been able to get the beverage machine to work yet?
Wouldn't you like to get one of these blood samples under a microscope?
Big day today, Freeman.
Scream
Quick! It's about to go critical!
What the hell is going on with our equipment? (Eli Vance)
It wasn't meant to do this in the first place!
Ah, Gordon, here you are. We just sent the sample down to the Test Chamber.
We've boosted the Anti-Mass Spectrometer to 105 percent. Bit of a gamble, but we need the extra resolution.
The Administrator is very concerned that we get a conclusive analysis of today's sample.
They're waiting for you, Gordon. In the Test Chamber.
All right, Gordon, your suit should keep you comfortable through all this. 
The specimen will be delivered to you in a few moments. 
If you would be so good as to climb up and start the rotors.
We can bring the Anti-Mass Spectrometer to eighty percent and hold it there until the carrier arrives.
Gordon, are you not hearing me? Climb up and start the rotors, please.
Climb up and start the rotors.
Very good. We'll take it from here.
Power to stage one emitters in three...two...one...
I'm seeing predictable phase arrays.
Stage two emitters activating...now.
I have just been informed that the sample is ready, Gordon. It should be coming up to you any moment now.
Standard insertion for a nonstandard specimen.
Go ahead, Gordon. Slot the carrier into the analysis port.
Overhead capacitors to one oh five percent.
Gordon, we cannot predict how long the system can operate at this level, nor how long the reading will take. Please work as quickly as you can.
Uh...it's probably not a problem...probably...but I'm showing a small discrepancy in...well, no, it's well within acceptable bounds again. Sustaining sequence.
Nothing you need to worry about, Gordon. Go ahead.
Wha-what's he doing in there?
Get him out of there! Shut down the equipment and someone get him out!
Shutting down. Attempting shut down. It's not...it's-it's not...it's not shutting down...it's not...
Gordon! Get away from the beams!
Testing...testing... Everything seems to be in order.
Get away from there, Freeman! I'm expecting an important message!
Good morning, Gordon.
Good morning, Gordon.
I'm afraid we'll be deviating a bit from standard analysis procedures today, Gordon.
Yes, but with good reason. This is a rare opportunity for us. This is the purest sample we've seen yet.
And potentially the most unstable!
Now, now, if you follow standard insertion procedures, everything will be fine.
I don't know how you can say that. Although I will admit that the possibility of a resonance cascade scenario is extremely unlikely, I remain uncomfortable with the...
Gordon doesn't need to hear all this. He's a highly trained professional. We have assured the Administrator that nothing will go wrong.
Ah yes, you're right. Gordon, we have complete confidence in you.
Well, go ahead. Let's let him in now.
[muffled] ("I've told you a hundred times, I am opposed to pushing this equipment beyond the test level.")[a]
The sample was just delivered to the test chamber.
Scientist expectorating in one of the bathroom stalls in Sector C.
No, stay back! Gordon!
Why didn't they listen!
We tried to warn them.
I never thought I'd see a Resonance Cascade, let alone create one.
Gordon, you're alive! Thank God for that hazard suit. I'm afraid to move him, and all our phones are out. 
Please, get to the surface as soon as you can, and let someone know we're stranded down here.
Be careful, Gordon.
I...I can't hold on much...longer...
I'm not so sure I want to get to the surface. What if the world finds out what we were doing down here?
Take me with you! I'm the one man who knows everything!
Rescued at last! Thank God you're here!
For God's sake, open the silo door! They're coming for us; it's our only way out!
Oh my God...we're doomed!
Don't shoot! I'm with the science team!
This is my hiding spot, and I'm not moving until the situation is drastically improved. Now go away and don't tell anyone I'm here.
Excellent! Someone has restored all power! We'll have the engine up again in no time!
I hope no one expects me to start up the generator. Smithers went down there and never came back.
Fire the...rocket engine. Destroy the damned thing before it grows any larger!
No...No! No! Get it off me! Get it off! Get it off!
Well, so much for the government. Their idea of containment is to kill everyone associated with the project! 
Gordon Freeman—it is you, isn't it?
That suit of yours is full of tracking devices.
Put that down—it's a prototype.
It's much too unpredictable. Don't let it overcharge!
Well, I'll let you out, but I'm warning you...it's hell out there.
Gordon Freeman! You finally found us!
Freeman, you fool!
Hurry up, Freeman, I can't keep it open forever!
Not yet, Freeman!
It's ready! You must go! Now!
We're almost there, Freeman. Get yourself in position.
You can't be serious.
It can't get any worse than this.
I can't take much more of this.
Aren't you a bit worried about that exponential cascade scenario we discussed?
Shouldn't we try to capture a specimen?
Do you still say there's nothing to chaos theory?
Are you sure you checked the Eigen attenuators?
You are completely wrong.
It appears the containment system has completely failed.
Are you one hundred percent sure that theory of yours is correct?
Cough
Do you think we should delay for another recalibration?
Did you hear that?
Are you seriously suggesting that all of these beings are here to dine on us?
I don't concur.
No, don't go that way!
I really don't know.
No, I don't want to die!
Do you know who ate all the donuts?
Do you smell what I smell?
Will we ever make it out of here?
Have you ever seen anything like this?
With my brains and your brawn we'll make an excellent team.
Excuse me, Gordon.
Don't you find this all rather fascinating?
Glad to oblige a fellow scientist.
Fine. You won't even know I'm here.
Freeman.
Freeman! Who would have thought you'd still be alive?
I certainly hope those backup fusion shunts are in good shape today.
I just want to get out of this alive.
I've got to get out of here!
I believe this will make for a notable paper, don't you?
Ah, it's good to see you.
I've got to get out of here!
Greetings!
Greetings.
These crab creatures have a unique parasitic strategy, don't you think?
Let me take care of that wound for you.
This should make you feel better.
Allow me to treat that injury.
I can give you something for the pain.
Don't worry, I am a doctor.
Did you hear something?
Hello.
Hello.
Ah, hello, Gordon Freeman. It's good to see you.
You are from the Anomalous Materials Lab. Yes, I recognize you.
Hello there.
Someone has hidden my glasses again.
Hold still, this won't hurt a bit.
I hope those containment parameters are still nominal.
I certainly hope you know what you're doing.
How interesting, just look at that.
Is anyone else getting hungry?
I believe so.
I don't think so.
I hear something.
I'll wait.
I'll wait right here.
Another important species revealed in action.
A failure of this magnitude is extremely improbable.
I'm sure of it.
It's inconclusive.
Ah, Freeman. I see you are in this mess too.
I predicted all of this, you know. All of it!
I'll stay here.
I seem to be wounded...but I can keep going.
Well, I seem to be seriously wounded.
I don't think I can last much longer.
Didn't you just ask me that?
I hope those people in the Lambda Lab can get this under control.
Lead the way.
What? You're leaving me here?
Let me help you.
Let's go.
Let's try this.
Wait a minute and I'll let you in.
This is all within theoretical limits.
Kindly lower your voice.
It's highly probable that our luck will change, don't you agree?
This is madness! I'm getting out of here!
I'd give my right hemisphere for a few hours of sleep.
Fascinating. I never suspected such things could be.
Ah, you have one of the new HEV suits. That should be very useful.
Any ideas on the origin of that new sample?
I have no doubt.
Well, there goes our grant money.
I couldn't even venture a guess.
You have no idea what is going on, do you?
No.
No!
No! Please!
I'm not certain.
The alien species can't possibly all be hostile, can they?
I am not at all sure.
I hope that odor isn't coming from you.
Of course!
Of course not!
Okay, let's get out of here.
Okay, I hope you know what you're doing.
Well, the dimensional breach is definitely transmitting organic matter.
Why just look at those peculiar markings.
Hm, what a peculiar odor.
This analysis is going to run perfectly today, don't you think?
Perhaps.
Positively.
Wouldn't it be fantastic to get some pure readings for a change?
Don't you think we should recalculate those resonance dampening factors again?
I don't suppose you'd reconsider?
You know, you repeat yourself sometimes.
I must remember to report that fluctuation.
Surely someone will come and rescue us.
Don't be ridiculous!
Right!
Are you sure this is the right way?
The military cleanup is just a paranoid rumor, isn't it?
I wonder if I should run that test again.
You'll just have to wait until after the test.
Please, leave me alone until after the experiment.
I can't be bothered right now.
Excuse me, Gordon, but I'm rather busy now.
Dies
Killed by a Barnacle
Fear
Oh no!
Oh dear!
Oh my!
My goodness!
No!
Get back!
Fear
Pain
No!
Stop!
No!
Weren't you supposed to be in the test chamber half an hour ago?
Scream
No!
Stop!
Stop!
No!
Scream
Scream
Have you seen my coffee cup?
This should shake up those grand unification boys, hm?
Now where did I leave that shutdown procedure chart?
Shut up.
Shut up.
Most of the simulation results are perfectly acceptable, you know.
I'm slowing you down, am I?
Do you smell something burning?
Sneeze
You aren't going soft on that ethics issue again, are you?
Sorry, I'm leaving now.
I believe something smells quite foul here.
Startled
Startled
Oh no.
Oh no.
Did you submit your status report to the Administrator today?
What is that stench?
Well, i think it's rather stimulating, don't you?
This is as far as I go.
I refuse to go another step.
You're going to have to leave me here, Gordon.
I'm going to stay here and wait for my colleagues.
Stop asking that question.
Stop attacking, he's a friend!
Do you recall any of those emergency survival procedures?
That's odd.
Theoretically.
This should help.
All displacement modulators were tuned today, weren't they?
Are you running those tunneling lattice calculations again?
Fat lot of good that Ph.D. does me now, hm?
Why do we all have to wear these ridiculous ties?
Well, do you have any idea what to do next?
My God, what are you doing?
Who can say?
Who is responsible for this mess?
Why are you asking me?
Why are you leaving me here?
Yes, let's go.
Are you insane? Stop attacking, immediately!
You look terrible.
You look terrible.
It appears that you need medical attention right away.
Ah, you've been wounded. aaaa
